Implement precise pthread wakeups (#26659)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

5.0.6 (in development)
----------------------

> - The emscripten_futux_wait API is not document to explicitly allow spurious

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The emscripten_futux_wait API is now documented to explicitly allow spurious
```
